Adding section to Contribute explaining plop (#2082)
adobe/react-spectrum: CONTRIBUTING.md

yarn start:docs
```

### Component/Hook scaffolding

> If you are looking to contribute a brand new component or hook in a package that does not exist yet, please run the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to contribute a brand new component or Hook in a package that does not exist yet, please run the following command:
```

```bash
yarn plop
```
This will start a series of cli prompts to determine what template files and folders should be generated to help quick start your contribution.
The prompts are as follows:
```
1. What type of project are you setting up?
- Select "React Spectrum v3"

> 2. scope name(s)

Reviewer: Matching the rest of the items in this tutorial, unless we want to copy the prompt headings verbatim as they all seem to start in lowercase.
```suggestion
2. Scope name(s)
```

> - Select the package scopes that make sense for your contribution (e.g. react-spectrum if you are contributing a component, react-aria for an aria hook, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the package scopes that make sense for your contribution (e.g. react-spectrum if you are contributing a component, react-aria for an aria Hook, etc)
```

3. Package name, all lowercase (e.g. textfield)

4. Component name, please use appropriate uppercase (e.g. TextField)

> - If you are contributing a non-component hook, just enter the name of your hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are contributing a non-component Hook, just enter the name of your Hook.
```

5. Component css module name, blank if N/A. If unsure, check @adobe/spectrum-css-temp/components for a module containing the desired css (e.g. textfield)

> - If you cannot find the component css module name in @adobe/spectrum-css-temp/components, feel free to reach out to a team member on the git issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you cannot find the component CSS module name in @adobe/spectrum-css-temp/components, feel free to reach out to a team member via GitHub Issues.
```

> ```

Author: Maybe overkill? Maybe not clear enough? Open to opinions

Reviewer: I beg to differ. I think it's important that this tutorial stands out for potential contributors to see, rather than being overlooked in just a few lines. I would suggest, though, to keep the steps outside a code block, maybe..?

Author: Sounds good, I've formatted it it with the proper indenting instead now

> Upon answering all the prompts, the appropriate package(s) should be generated and ready for modification. Note: With regards to the generated docs files, please feel free to remove them if you won't be contributing docs. If you are contributing docs for a new component/hook, please submit them in a separate PR so that we can decide when to deploy them to our docs site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon answering all the prompts, the appropriate package(s) should be generated and ready for modification.

**Note:** With regards to the generated docs files, please feel free to remove them if you won't be contributing docs. If you are contributing docs for a new component or Hook, please submit them in a separate pull request so that we can decide when to deploy them to our docs site.
```
